How dare you hit me?
I have the commander-in-chief behind me
Believe it or not, I let the commander-in-chief tear you apart
Do you think the commander-in-chief
Will do it to me for you bitch
I'll tell you what.
You're still useful to the commander-in-chief
In the eyes of the commander-in-chief, this tobacco business
Leader Li
You're not just relying on having the commander-in-chief behind you
Wait until I arrive at Jingping City along the way
The entire Jingping city
Will be in the hands of the Gu family
When is the time?
You little Yuhua Gang
Maybe not.
Sure, I'll see.
elder sister
Have you been very close to Gang Master Li recently?
Yes, dear, is there any problem?
Sister, are you with this Li Gang?
Lord, did you get it together?
Haha doubt
i
Show evidence
I don't have any evidence
But if Beichen knew about this
Guess what happened to him?
What do you think?
Do I care what he thinks?
Don't care what I think
Ren Jingyu, I really didn't expect you to be such a person
Brother Beichen
Here you are
I just wanted to tell you to come here
This sister and this gang leader have this relationship recently?
unclear
Ren Jingyu
I didn't expect you to be so filial
I suggest you keep your mouth clean for me
Otherwise I wouldn't recommend killing it now
Gu Beichen, don't worry.
I won't do anything out of line.
Remember that I am not like you
What do you mean?